# About Me

After completing my education Bachelor of Commerce and Post-Graduation Diploma in Cost & Management Accounting from University of Punjab, Lahore, one of the oldest and most prestigious educational institutions of Pakistan, I started my career in the world of fintech with Standard Charted Bank, Lahore as Customer Relationship Officer where I dealt with customer account opening, personal loans and credit card applications. Analyzing credit profile and eligibility determination.
Ensuite, I expanded the horizon of my career by accepting an overseas appointment at Barclays Bank, Dubai in a similar position. Later I availed the opportunity of working with another important financial institution Japanese Credit Bureau, Dubai as Credit Underwriter Officer where my assignment included Credit assessment and decision of credit card applications, administering the credit worthiness and documentations, minimizing error rate within specific and given turnaround time, fraud identification, client facilitation. 
After becoming a fulltime homemaker, I took an extended sabbatical from 2009 onwards to concentrate on domestic affairs and raising my two lovely children. In 2016, I restarted my professional career as Manager Operations at Sens Express Inc. – Chevron where my job description included Management of day-to-day store operations including Accounting, Inventory Control, Human resource, Employee payroll. One important aspect of this job was handling contingencies and other unforeseen urgencies. 
On parallel, I also refreshed my academic base in 2021 and completed Certification in Data Analytics and Visualization from University of Texas, Austin, which was a 24-week intensive program focused on gaining technical programming skills in Excel, VBA, Python, R, JavaScript, SQL Databases, Tableau, Big Data, and Machine Learning. 
After having enriched my academic and professional experience and working across different countries with a widely diverse workforce, I believe that I have equipped myself to handle the assignments the relevant organizations are offering. I have firm belief that I can handle any challenge and transform it into an opportunity while utilizing my education, experience and multi culturalism.
